LAtourist Itinerary
Five Days in Hollywood and Los Angeles
Rental Car is Not Required!
Highlights
(cid:1) Grand Tour of Los Angeles and Hollywood
(cid:1) L.A. City Night Tour
(cid:1) Hollywood Boulevard / Walk of Fame / Hollywood Sign
(cid:1) Hollywood Walking Tour
(cid:1) Kodak Theatre Guided Tour
(cid:1) Hop-On, Hop-Off Double Decker Fun Bus
(cid:1) Rodeo Drive and Beverly Center
(cid:1) Petersen’s Auto Museum
(cid:1) The Grove at Farmers Market
(cid:1) Universal Studios and CityWalk
(cid:1) Beach Tour of Marina del Rey, Venice Beach and Santa Monica.
(cid:1) Hollywood Museum
(cid:1) Madame Tussaud’s
(cid:1) Downtown LA
(cid:2) Performing Arts Center Tour
(cid:2) MOCA Grand Avenue
(cid:2) Olvera Street
This 5-day Tourist Itinerary includes major Hollywood and Los Angeles attractions and is designed to
maximize your vacation time. You will hit the ground running with a Grand Tour of Los Angeles, and you will
keep busy every day. A rental car is not required, because the Itinerary focuses on guided tours and
attractions near the Red Line train. You can skip the driving hassles and use the extra money to have more fun!
Purchase is not required to use this Itinerary,
although order links are provided for your convenience
Please read the Disclaimer and Terms of Use page, which follows the Itinerary Product List
This Itinerary, including the arrangement and descriptions of the products, is copyright
2011 © Z-Drive Computer Service for LAtouristItinerary.com. This Itinerary must not
be altered and distributed without express written permission from the author.
If You Print Please RecycleA 5-day Self- guided Itinerary for Hollywood and Los Angeles Page 2 of 11
One-page Tourist Itinerary for Hollywood and Los Angeles
Monday
8:00 AM Arrive LAX
9:00 AM Grand Tour of Los Angeles and Hollywood
3:30 PM End of Grand Tour / Drop off in Hollywood / Hotel Check-in
4:00 PM Hollywood Boulevard
5:00 PM Hollywood and Highland / Chinese Theatre
6:00 PM L.A. City Night Tour
10:00 PM End of Night Tour
Tuesday
8:00 AM Breakfast
10:00 AM Hollywood Behind-the-Scenes Tour
12:00 PM Kodak Theatre Guided Tour
1:00 PM Hop-On, Hop-Off Double Decker Fun Bus
9:00 PM End of Hop-on, Hop-off Bus Tour
Wednesday
9:00 AM Red Line train to Universal Station
10:00 AM Universal Studios and CityWalk Hollywood
10:00 PM Red Line train back to Hollywood
Thursday
8:00 AM Get picked up by tour guide or go to their office
9:00 AM Beach Tour
3:30 PM End of Beach Tour
4:00 PM Hollywood Museum
5:00 PM Dinner
6:30 PM Madame Tussaud’s
9:00 PM Hollywood Boulevard or back to hotel
Friday
9:00 AM Hotel Check-out / Red Line train to Civic Center station
10:30 AM Free tour at the Performing Arts Center
12:00 PM MOCA Grand Avenue
2:00 PM DASH B to Union Station
2:30 PM El Pueblo de Los Angeles Historical Monument
4:00 PM Union Station / Red Line train back to hotel to get luggage
5:00 PM Shuttle or cab from hotel to LAX
7:30 PM Flight home
This Itinerary, including the arrangement and descriptions of the products, is copyright
2011 © Z-Drive Computer Service for LAtouristItinerary.com. This Itinerary must not
be altered and distributed without express written permission from the author.
If You Print Please RecycleA 5-day Self- guided Itinerary for Hollywood and Los Angeles Page 3 of 11
LAtourist Itinerary – Five Days in Hollywood and Los Angeles
MONDAY
Arrive at LAX airport. You must arrive by 8:00AM to get your bags and get to the tour bus
8:00 AM on time. If you have a cell phone you can call the tour operator to confirm arrival (number
will be provided on confirmation).
Start your trip with a Grand Tour of Los Angeles and Hollywood by LA City Tours.
They will pick you up outside of your terminal. You can take your luggage with you on the
tour van.
9:00 AM
to Let the driver know that you will not be returning to LAX. You can get dropped off at your
3:30 PM hotel if it’s on their list of drop-off points. Otherwise, you can get dropped off at their office
on Hollywood Boulevard, then take the Red Line train (across the street) to your hotel.
Order Link: http://LAtourist.com/LAXlayoverTour
After you have checked into your hotel, head back to Hollywood and Highland Metro
station to take in the sights on Hollywood Boulevard. In general, the idea is to explore
Hollywood Boulevard east and west of Highland Avenue (western boundary: La Brea Blvd;
4:00 PM eastern boundary: Vine Street), and then make your way back to Hollywood and Highland
entertainment complex by around 5:00 PM or so. This is a good opportunity to grab a bite
to eat. There are dining choices inside of Hollywood and Highland entertainment complex,
and at several places nearby on Hollywood Boulevard.
First, take a look around at the Hollywood and Highland entertainment complex. In
particular, go to an Observation Deck on either the third or fourth level, to view the
Hollywood Sign.
Next, walk to the Chinese Theatre, which is adjacent on Hollywood Boulevard. It takes
about half an hour to look at the handprints and footprints. It’s interesting to see all the
5:00 PM
familiar names of stars from the past side-by-side with current celebrities (i.e., John Wayne
is next to John Travolta). Be sure to take a look at the inspirational quote by Marilyn
Monroe on the west end of the courtyard.
The next tour begins right outside the courtyard. You’ll see the StarLine tour office there,
and you can ask them which bus or van you need to board.
See Los Angeles from a new perspective on an L.A. City Night Tour (by StarLine Tours),
which includes Mulholland Drive, Beverly Hills, Disney Hall, the Performing Arts Center
6:00 PM in downtown LA, Universal CityWalk, and more. The tour ends back at the Chinese Theatre
to courtyard, which is a short walk from the Red Line station so you can get back to your
10:00 PM hotel.
Order Link: http://LAtourist.com/LAcityNightTour
This Itinerary, including the arrangement and descriptions of the products, is copyright
2011 © Z-Drive Computer Service for LAtouristItinerary.com. This Itinerary must not
be altered and distributed without express written permission from the author.
If You Print Please RecycleA 5-day Self- guided Itinerary for Hollywood and Los Angeles Page 4 of 11
TUESDAY
Breakfast. There is an IHOP on Sunset Blvd, near Orange Drive. It’s about a 5-minute walk
from the Hollywood and Highland Station. You can walk south on Highland to Sunset
8 / 8:30 AM
Blvd, then walk west one block. You will need to be at the Red Line Tours office on
Hollywood Boulevard, on the other side of Highland, by around 9:45 AM.
Work off that big breakfast with a walking tour of Hollywood Boulevard on the
10:00 AM Red Line Hollywood Behind-the-Scenes Tour (GoLA). The tour office is at 6708
to Hollywood Blvd. After the tour, head over to the second level of Hollywood and Highland.
11:30 AM
Go LA Card Order Link: http://LAtourist.com/GoLAcard
Next up is the Kodak Theatre Guided Tour (GoLA). You will need to arrive about 10
12:00 PM minutes before the tour starts. You might be able to get there in time for the 11:30 AM tour,
but if not, then take the tour that departs at 12:00 PM.
Spend the rest of the day exploring Hollywood and nearby on the StarLine Tours
Hop-On, Hop-Off Double Decker Fun Bus (use the Red Route, departing from the
Chinese Theatre courtyard). Get on the 12:30 PM bus if you can; otherwise, take the bus
that leaves at 1 PM.
Fun Bus Order Link: http://LAtourist.com/HopOnHopOffTickets
Following is a simple schedule, but there are many other stops, so you could custom-design
a tour to suit your interests:
• Hollywood's Rock Walk
o Arrive 1:05 PM; Depart 1:35 PM
o The entrance of Guitar Center on Sunset Blvd contains many hand print
impressions of famous Rock n’ Roll celebrities such as members of AC/DC,
1:00 PM Aerosmith, B.B. King, Chuck Berry, Elvis Presley, Frank Zappa, Johnny
to Cash, KISS, The Ramones and almost 200 more. If you are a guitar
9:00 PM aficionado then you might want to take an extra half hour to explore the vast
selection of instruments at the Guitar Center.
• Rodeo Drive
o Arrive 2:10 PM, Depart 2:40 PM
o You briefly visited Rodeo Drive yesterday – now here’s the opportunity to
stay as long as you like. But if you’ve already seen enough here, then you
could skip this stop and spend more time somewhere else.
• Beverly Center (Lunch and Shopping)
o Arrive 2:55 PM, Depart 3:55 PM
o This mega-mall is a shopper’s paradise, and a great place for lunch or a
snack. There are other restaurants throughout Beverly Center, and a food
court on the top level. If you ate a big breakfast at IHOP then you could limit
this meal to a snack, and save some room for dinner in the early evening at
The Grove or Farmers Market.
This Itinerary, including the arrangement and descriptions of the products, is copyright
2011 © Z-Drive Computer Service for LAtouristItinerary.com. This Itinerary must not
be altered and distributed without express written permission from the author.
If You Print Please RecycleA 5-day Self- guided Itinerary for Hollywood and Los Angeles Page 5 of 11
• Museum Row on the Miracle Mile
o Arrive 4:10 PM; Depart 6:10 PM
o Some choices:
o Petersen’s Auto Museum (GoLA)
(cid:2) Features more than 300,000 square feet of exhibits and lifelike
displays that showcase over 150 rare and classic cars, trucks and
motorcycles.
(cid:2) The Auto Museum is open until 6:00 PM. It is across the street from
LACMA, at the corner of Wilshire Blvd and Fairfax Ave.
o Hancock Park / LACMA / La Brea Tar Pits
(cid:2) There are many free exhibits surrounding LACMA; two of them are
near the bus stop: the Urban Light lamp post exhibit; and a garden
filled with sculptures by Rodin.
(cid:2) LA County Museum of Art (LACMA) features contemporary and
modern art, and cultural art exhibits. Open until 8:00 PM
(cid:2) Hancock Park contains many tar pits that you can view, along with
signs bearing descriptions of the animals found within. There is the
also the famous model of a Columbian mammoth family, one of
which is trapped in the tar on the bottom of the Lake Pit exhibit. Be
sure to explore the area near the amphitheater (behind LACMA)
where you will find a prehistoric garden and a working fossil
excavation. Be careful to not step in small patches of tar that are
scattered around Hancock Park!
(cid:2) Page Museum contains fossils that were excavated from the tar pits
and other artifacts. Page Museum is open until 5:00 PM
• The Grove at Farmers Market (Dinner and Shopping)
o Arrive 6:20 PM; Depart 8:20 PM
o The Grove is an outdoor shopping district featuring high-end stores and
restaurants, a theater, live performances. This is a nice place to wander
around and take in the sights, sit down for a relaxing meal, or go on a
shopping spree.
o The Original Farmers Market has food stands offering all sorts of cuisine.
Also, there are produce stands and stores selling fresh fruit, produce,
seafood, ice cream, wines, cheeses, gourmet foods, as well as gift shops that
sell souvenirs.
o The last tour bus departs this stop at 8:20PM so don't get left behind!
• Arrives at Hollywood Blvd and Vine Street at about 8:50 PM (optional end of tour)
o Get off the bus here if you want to explore the area, or take the Red Line
train back to your hotel from the Hollywood and Vine station.
• Return to Hollywood and Highland at around 9:00 PM
• MORE: Ripley’s Odditorium, Guinness Book of Records Museum and Hollywood
Wax Museum are open until midnight. You can buy a 3-attraction pass at Ripley’s.
This Itinerary, including the arrangement and descriptions of the products, is copyright
2011 © Z-Drive Computer Service for LAtouristItinerary.com. This Itinerary must not
be altered and distributed without express written permission from the author.
If You Print Please RecycleA 5-day Self- guided Itinerary for Hollywood and Los Angeles Page 6 of 11
WEDNESDAY
Walk to your nearby Metro Red Line station, and take the train to the Universal City
9:00 AM Station. From there, cross Lankershim Blvd to take the free Universal City Shuttle to the top
of the hill near the main gate of Universal Studios.
Spend the day at Universal Studios (GoLA), and CityWalk Hollywood. The park usually
10:00 AM opens at 10:00 AM, although hours vary each day so check the schedule before you go.
to Sometimes it opens at 9:00 AM and you might be able to go earlier, if desired. The park
9 / 10:00 PM usually closes between 6 and 8:00 PM. CityWalk is open until at least 9:00 PM, and later in
the summertime. Restaurants remain open until 11 PM or later.
You can take the Red Line train directly back to your hotel, or if you’re not yet ready to call
10:00 PM it a night, you could stop off at the Hollywood and Highland station to take in some more
Hollywood Boulevard sightseeing.
THURSDAY
If your hotel is on the LA City Tours pickup route, then a van will pick you up at a
8 / 8:30 AM scheduled time between 8:30 and 9:00 AM. Otherwise, then go to LA City Tours office by
about 8:45 AM. It’s on Hollywood Blvd, across the street from Hollywood and Highland.
Today you will see the California coastline and some famous beaches on a Beach Tour of
Marina del Rey, Venice Beach (short stop) and Santa Monica. Much of the time will be
spent in Santa Monica, since that is where there are the most attractions. Recommended
hotspots are the Third Street Promenade and Santa Monica Pier. Near the top of the Pier
driveway is the southern end of Palisade Park, where you can get some great photographs
9:00 AM
of the Pier and the Pacific Ocean. Adjacent to the Promenade is Santa Monica Place, a
To
newly renovated shopping mall. Pacific Park (GoLA) is located on the Santa Monica Pier,
3:30 PM
and features a Ferris Wheel that overlooks the beaches and ocean, plus a roller coaster and
other rides. The Go LA Card includes unlimited rides at Pacific Park, as well as admission
to the Santa Monica Pier Aquarium (under the Pier).
Order Link: http://LAtourist.com/BeachTour
When you return from the Beach Tour, head across to the other side of Highland Avenue to
3:30 PM
the Hollywood Museum (GoLA). The museum closes at 5:00 PM.
to
5:00 PM
Go LA Card Order Link: http://LAtourist.com/GoLAcard
5:00 PM Here are some suggestions for dinner:
to Mel’s Diner next to Hollywood Museum; or L.A.’s favorite hamburgers at
6 / 6:30 PM In N’ Out on Sunset Blvd at Orange (across the street from IHOP).
When you’re finished eating, head on over to Madame Tussaud’s (GoLA) showcase of
6:30 PM
wax celebrities. It’s on Hollywood Blvd and Orange Drive, next to the Chinese Theatre. It
To
takes around two hours or so to view the exhibits. Afterward, enjoy more sightseeing on
9:00 PM
Hollywood Blvd, or return to the hotel.
This Itinerary, including the arrangement and descriptions of the products, is copyright
2011 © Z-Drive Computer Service for LAtouristItinerary.com. This Itinerary must not
be altered and distributed without express written permission from the author.
If You Print Please RecycleA 5-day Self- guided Itinerary for Hollywood and Los Angeles Page 7 of 11
FRIDAY
Hotel Checkout. You will need to check your bags at the hotel front desk until you return
later in the afternoon.
9 / 9:30 AM
Take the Red Line train to the Civic Center Metro station in Downtown Los Angeles. Use
the First Street exit to get out of the station.
Walk west (up the hill) on First Street to Walt Disney Concert Hall, at Grand Avenue. Take
a free tour at the Performing Arts Center of Los Angeles (PACLA), such as:
• Symphonian Tour (10:30 AM; 90 minutes) – a docent-led, guided tour of all four
major theatres in the PACLA complex: Dorothy Chandler Pavilion, Ahmanson
Theatre, Mark Taper Forum, and Walt Disney Concert Hall. Try to arrive by 10:15
so you can get on this tour (if available).
• Walt Disney Concert Hall self-guided tour – Walk through Disney Hall as you listen
10:00 AM to a recorded tour on a hand-held listening device. The self-guided tour covers the
to building's design and construction, plus the gardens and building structure outside. It
12:00 PM takes around 60-90 minutes to complete this tour, if you take pictures and listen to
the entire narration.
• Both tours begin at the Disney Concert Hall main lobby.
• Tour availability varies daily so check the schedule at PACLA’s website
(MusicCenter.org) to find out which tours are offered during your visit.
After the tour, walk south to the Museum of Contemporary Art at 222 Grand Avenue. It is a
red brick building on the other side of the street.
12:00 PM Spend some time exploring the exhibits at MOCA Grand Avenue (GoLA), which is the
to Museum of Contemporary Art’s main venue.
2:00 PM (See alternatives to MOCA Grand Avenue on the next page)
2:00 PM When you are finished at MOCA, walk out to Grand Avenue and take the DASH B bus
to from Grand Avenue and Second Street, to Union Station.
2:30 PM (See the next page for side trips after MOCA Grand Avenue)
Walk through Union Station to the main entrance, and then walk outside to Alameda Street.
Cross the street to La Plaza in El Pueblo de Los Angeles Historical Monument. On the
2:30 PM south side of La Plaza you will find historical buildings and museums. North of La Plaza is
to Olvera Street, which is full of shops and stands that sell clothes, Mexican art, pottery,
4:00 PM blankets, souvenirs and other items. There you will also find two museums: Sepulveda
House (Visitors Center is here - get a self-guided tour brochure) and Avila Adobe (the oldest
building in Los Angeles).
4:00 PM Return to Union Station, and take the Red Line train back to the hotel to pick up your bags.
Take a taxi cab or SuperShuttle shared-ride van from Hollywood to LAX.
5:00 PM
Order Link: http://LAtourist.com/SuperShuttle
Flight home. When you get home, send an email to Info@LAtourist.com to share your
7:30 PM
comments and suggestions for this Itinerary!
This Itinerary, including the arrangement and descriptions of the products, is copyright
2011 © Z-Drive Computer Service for LAtouristItinerary.com. This Itinerary must not
be altered and distributed without express written permission from the author.
If You Print Please RecycleA 5-day Self- guided Itinerary for Hollywood and Los Angeles Page 8 of 11
Side Trips after MOCA Grand Avenue
Observation Deck at City Hall: When you’re finished at MOCA, instead of taking the DASH B all the
way to El Pueblo de Los Angeles Historical Monument, exit the bus after it turns left onto Los Angeles
Street, just past City Hall. The public entrance to City Hall is on Main Street, between Hill Street and
Temple Street. The security guard will issue a visitor pass and provide a leaflet with directions to the
Observation Level on the 27th Floor. When you’re done, you can easily walk to El Pueblo de Los
Angeles Historical Monument on Los Angeles Street (near Union Station), where you can continue the
Itinerary. The Observation Deck offers unobstructed views of Union Station, Disney Hall and other
major attractions in downtown L.A. You can find tourist attraction brochures and guides in the lobby.
Angel's Flight Railway and Angel's Knoll Park: When you are finished at MOCA, instead of taking
the DASH B to El Pueblo de Los Angeles Historical Monument, walk south (away from Disney Hall)
past the fountain in the back of MOCA, through One California Plaza, and then take the Angel's Flight
Railway to the bottom (a small fee is charged). On the way down you will pass by Angel's Knoll Park,
which was used as a setting in the movie, "(500) Days of Summer." At the bottom, enter the Pershing
Square Metro station on Hill Street near Fourth Street. Take the Red Line train to Union Station, and
then walk to El Pueblo de Los Angeles Historical Monument. TIP: Before you leave MOCA Grand
Avenue, ask a museum attendant to tell you how to get to Angel's Flight.
Alternatives to MOCA Grand Avenue
Little Tokyo: After the Performing Arts Center tour at Disney Hall, instead of going to MOCA Grand
Avenue, take the DASH A bus from 1st Street near Grand Avenue (right outside of Disney Hall) to
Little Tokyo, and visit the Japanese American National Museum (GoLA). Directly across the street
from the museum there’s an entrance to the Japanese Village Plaza Mall, which is full of Japanese ethnic
stores, restaurants and souvenir shops. Afterward, take the Gold Line train from Little Tokyo station
(near the museum) to Union Station, and then walk to El Pueblo de Los Angeles Historical Monument.
Jewelry District: After the Performing Arts Center tour at Disney Hall, you could go to the Jewelry
District instead of MOCA Grand Avenue. Take the DASH B bus from Grand Avenue (right outside of
Disney Hall), and exit at Olive Street near 6th Street. Then walk on 6th Street to Hill Street. You will
find several jewelry outlets along Hill Street between 6th and 7th Streets, some containing hundreds of
stores inside. After you’re finished at the Jewelry District, take the Red Line train from Pershing Square
station to Union Station so you can continue El Pueblo de Los Angeles Historical Monument.
• More downtown LA shopping options: http://LAtourist.com/DowntownShopping
• There are more downtown LA attractions listed on this page: http://LAtourist.com/DowntownLA
• More free tours in downtown LA, including the Los Angeles Central Public Library and Los Angeles
Central Public Library: http://LAtourist.com/DowntownLAfreeTours
This Itinerary, including the arrangement and descriptions of the products, is copyright
2011 © Z-Drive Computer Service for LAtouristItinerary.com. This Itinerary must not
be altered and distributed without express written permission from the author.
If You Print Please RecycleA 5-day Self- guided Itinerary for Hollywood and Los Angeles Page 9 of 11
Product List
Airplane Flight from your local airport, to LAX.
• Cost: Varies
• Order Link: http://LAtourist.com/Flights
Hotel in Hollywood, or near a Red Line train station.
• Cost
o (Hotels in the Hollywood area): About $100/night up to around $300/night
o (Between Hollywood & downtown LA): About $70/night up to around $200/night
• Order Links:
o http://LAtourist.com/HotelsHollywood
o http://LAtourist.com/HotelsRedLine
LAX Special Layover Tour (Grand Tour of LA and transportation from LAX to Hollywood)
• Cost: $79 per adult; $59 per child (2-9)
• Order Link: http://LAtourist.com/LAXlayoverTour
L.A. City Night Tour (StarLine Tours)
• Cost: $55 per adult; $38 per child (3-11)
• Order Link: http://LAtourist.com/LAcityNightTour
Go Los Angeles Card (all-in-one pass that gets you in to over 40 attractions for one low cost)
• Cost: $165 (get a 3-day card to include Universal Studios)
• Order Link: http://LAtourist.com/GoLAcard
Hop-on Hop-off Double Decker Fun Bus (StarLine Tours)
• Cost (24-hour pass): $30 per adult; $20 per child (3-11)
• Order Link: http://LAtourist.com/HopOnHopOffTickets
Beach Tour (LA City Tours)
o Cost: $65 per adult; $50 per child (2-9)
o Order Link: http://LAtourist.com/BeachTour
Shared-ride van, Hollywood to LAX (SuperShuttle)
o Cost: $16 per person
o Order Link: http://LAtourist.com/SuperShuttle
o Alternative: take a cab for about $50
Total Cost of Attractions: about $410 per person (not including hotel, airfare, meals and souvenirs). In
addition, a Metro Red Line Day Pass costs $6 per day (5 days = $30). You can buy a pass each day from a ticket
vending machine at the train station.
This Itinerary, including the arrangement and descriptions of the products, is copyright
2011 © Z-Drive Computer Service for LAtouristItinerary.com. This Itinerary must not
be altered and distributed without express written permission from the author.
If You Print Please RecycleA 5-day Self- guided Itinerary for Hollywood and Los Angeles Page 10 of
Warranty and Disclaimer
This Itinerary is for informational purposes only. You are not obligated to buy anything in order to use this
information, so there is no warranty. There is no guarantee that you or anyone can complete all of the steps
listed within the Itinerary. This information is intended to be used as a starting point for reference in your
vacation planning. It is hoped that this Itinerary will save you hours of planning time by putting a basic schedule
in place, but you need to do the final research on your own, to make sure that things haven’t changed.
THIS INFORMATION IS PROVIDED AS-IS. USE THIS ITINERARY AT YOUR OWN RISK AND
DISCRETION. DO NOT RELY ON THIS ITINERARY AS YOUR ONLY SOURCE OF VACATION
PLANNING INFORMATION. DOUBLE-CHECK AND VERIFY EVERYTHING BEFORE YOU GO.
Tour scheduling and availability can vary from day-to-day. One tour could run late and make you miss the next
tour. Some tours might have been cancelled after this Itinerary was developed. The prices might have changed.
Availability of tours that are included in the Go LA Card could change. Inclement weather or other unforeseen
events could occur during your vacation, and that could alter your plans. If you lose your ticket or pass while
riding on the Metro, you could get a $250 fine! (Sheriffs will spot check for tickets). In N’ Out burgers might or
might not be “L.A.’s favorite hamburgers.” They are however, quite tasty.
Terms of Use
This Itinerary is provided for personal use only. This Itinerary must not be used (in whole or part) for
commercial purposes without the express written consent of the author. When you use this Itinerary, you
assume all risk of personal injury and financial loss, and you release the author from all liability in connection
with the activities described within. This includes but is not limited to: a) injury sustained while performing
steps described in the Itinerary, or while visiting attractions listed herein; b) financial loss due to inability (for
any reason) to fulfill a tour or hotel reservation for which you have already paid; c) or any negative experience
sustained while performing the steps listed on this Itinerary. This includes missing a tour because there was not
enough time allotted on the Itinerary, or negative experience due to incorrect information on the Itinerary.
Your sole remedy for any problem or loss arising from use of this Itinerary is to discontinue use of the Itinerary,
and/or send a complaint to Info@LAtourist.com
All ticket sales, hotels, tours and attractions listed on this Itinerary are provided by third party vendors.
This Itinerary is neither approved nor endorsed by any of the third party vendors that are named within this
document. These Terms of Use (or use of this Itinerary) in no way affects, changes or impacts your contracts,
rights and responsibilities with tour, hotel or attraction vendors, or any other third party.
• Hotel, Flight, Shuttle and Tour reservations are provided by: Advanced Reservation Systems, Inc.
• Tours are provided by: LA City Tours; and StarLine Tours of Hollywood, Inc.
• Go Los Angeles Card (also referred to as “GoLA”) is provided by: Smart Destinations, Inc.
• Shared-ride van service is operated by SuperShuttle, a subsidiary of Veolia Transportation.
• All attractions mentioned in this Itinerary are maintained and controlled by their respective owners.
This Itinerary, including the arrangement and descriptions of the products, is copyright
2011 © Z-Drive Computer Service for LAtouristItinerary.com. This Itinerary must not
be altered and distributed without express written permission from the author.
If You Print Please RecycleA 5-day Self- guided Itinerary for Hollywood and Los Angeles Page 11 of
About LAtourist Itinerary
It will be difficult to re-order the day-to-day events in the Itinerary. You can not easily change the order of the
attractions and tours, because the Itinerary is designed to take advantage of attractions that are near each other,
and the schedule relies heavily on each vendor's unique hours of operation. This would have been much easier if
all of the attractions were open all day long, Monday through Friday. But each has a unique schedule, and many
are closed at least one day during the week.
If this Itinerary was helpful to you, then please consider returning the favor in a way that’s relatively simple.
Here are some suggestions:
• Purchase a tour or hotel reservation using one of the links in the Itinerary
• Make your hotel reservations though http://LAtourist.com/Hotels
• Purchase a guided tour through http://LAtourist.com/GuidedTours
• Purchase a Go Los Angeles Card though http://LAtourist.com/GoLAcard
• If you know someone who wants to visit Los Angeles, please tell them about LAtourist.com
• If you have a blog, please mention LAtourist.com/Itinerary and/or LAtouristItinerary.com
• If you have a website, please link to LAtourist.com and/or LAtouristItinerary.com
Suggestions
Send an email to Info@LAtourist.com with suggestions on how to improve this Itinerary, such as:
• Is there anything you would add to the Itinerary, or any changes you would make?
• Were any of the instructions confusing or difficult to follow?
• Were there too many activities, not enough, or just right?
• Did you miss not having a car? Was the transportation adequate?
• Was anything you really wanted to see not included?
• Would you be willing to take a bus two hours each way to visit Disneyland?
I sincerely hope this Itinerary has been a useful resource in your travel planning, and I hope that my efforts
helped you choose Los Angeles as your vacation destination.
Tim Heffley, Owner
LAtourist.com
This Itinerary, including the arrangement and descriptions of the products, is copyright
2011 © Z-Drive Computer Service for LAtouristItinerary.com. This Itinerary must not
be altered and distributed without express written permission from the author.
If You Print Please Recycle